## Signed Urls

Using Signed Urls are a great way to access/modify/create resources securly. Resources in the context of this project are File Uploads by users. Signed Urls are created by the service and can be used by the other servers/users without needing additional authentication. The generated Signed Url itself is an authenticated gateway and acts as the main source authentication.

## Tech Stack

- Rust (Rust programming language and installation steps are found [here](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/).

## How to run the code

- After installing rust, clone the project and go to the directory
- run `cargo install` to the command-line terminal download the packages
- create the `.env` file with the required parmaters. You can copy the `.env-template` file;
- run `cargo run` to compile and run the program (initial compile time might take some time)
- run `cargo build` if you want to make an executable (optional)

## Application Flow

- External Servers/Services needs an API_KEY to generate View/Upload Signed-Urls. They can hit the `.../project/create` post-route and they would recieve their API_KEY as part of the JSON response
- External Servers/Services would need their API_KEY on the POST_REQUEST Authentication-Header to hit these API endpoints `.../request/create/upload` and `.../request/create/view` to create SignedUrl for secure upload and view respectively.
- Generated Signed-Urls that is generated by the `endpoints mentioned above` above can be used by both External Servers/Services and Users for secure post and secure view.

## Special Thanks to
- Iceberg Velez
- Carlo Caimen
- April Feliscuzo

###### So much skill issue OMG
